I was trying to debug why my state.highstate was running slow and found this issue:
with every service state, salt will first check is-active and then list all unit files:

While I would think salt would use systemctl is-enabled command only on the one service.

I think the logic would be for salt to check systemctl is-enabled on the servicename
if this fails use the --full list-unit-files trick. A fail is when the output isn't disabled or enabled.

debug output:

```
Feb 22 20:25:43 salt.example.com ntpd[315]: peers refreshed
Feb 22 20:25:43 salt.example.com ntpd[315]: Listening on routing socket on fd #23 for interface updates
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl is-active ntpd.service' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] output: active
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl --full list-unit-files | col -b' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] stdout: UNIT FILE                    STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount       static
dev-hugepages.mount             static
dev-mqueue.mount                static
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount           static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount           static
sys-kernel-config.mount             static
sys-kernel-debug.mount              static
tmp.mount                   static
systemd-ask-password-console.path       static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path          static
machine-qemu\x2dopensuse13.scope        static
session-2.scope                 static
accounts-daemon.service             disabled
aiccu.service                   enabled
alsa-restore.service                static
alsa-state.service              static
alsa-store.service              static
auditd.service                  disabled
autovt@.service                 disabled
avahi-daemon.service                disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service              disabled
bluetooth.service               enabled
canberra-system-bootup.service          disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service        disabled
clamd.service                   disabled
colord.service                  static
console-getty.service               disabled
console-shell.service               disabled
cronie.service                  disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service              enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service     static
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static
dbus.service                    static
debug-shell.service             disabled
deluge-web.service              disabled
deluged.service                 disabled
display-manager.service             enabled
dmeventd.service                static
dnsmasq.service                 disabled
docker.service                  enabled
ebtables.service                disabled
emergency.service               static
fancontrol.service              disabled
fluidsynth.service              disabled
freshclamd.service              enabled
ftpd.service                    disabled
gdm.service                 enabled
getty@.service                  enabled
git-daemon@.service             static
gpm.service                 disabled
haveged.service                 enabled
hddtemp.service                 disabled
healthd.service                 disabled
httpd.service                   disabled
ifplugd@.service                disabled
initrd-cleanup.service              static
initrd-parse-etc.service            static
initrd-switch-root.service          static
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service       static
ip6tables.service               disabled
iptables.service                disabled
irexec.service                  disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service           static
krb5-kadmind.service                disabled
krb5-kdc.service                disabled
krb5-kpropd.service             disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                static
libvirt-guests.service              disabled
libvirtd.service                enabled
lirc.service                    disabled
lircm.service                   disabled
lm_sensors.service              disabled
lvm-monitoring.service              disabled
lvmetad.service                 static
lxc@.service                    disabled
mdadm.service                   disabled
mdmon@.service                  static
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service  static
ModemManager.service                enabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service       enabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service      enabled
NetworkManager.service              enabled
nscd.service                    disabled
ntpd.service                    enabled
ntpdate.service                 disabled
openvpn@.service                disabled
pcscd.service                   static
pkgstats.service                static
polkit.service                  static
postgresql.service              disabled
ppp@.service                    disabled
puppet.service                  disabled
puppetdb.service                disabled
puppetmaster.service                disabled
quotaon.service                 static
radvd.service                   disabled
redis.service                   disabled
rescue.service                  static
rlogin@.service                 static
rsh@.service                    static
rsyncd.service                  disabled
rsyncd@.service                 static
rtkit-daemon.service                disabled
salt-api.service                disabled
salt-master.service             disabled
salt-minion.service             enabled
salt-syndic.service             disabled
sensord.service                 disabled
serial-getty@.service               static
smartd.service                  disabled
speech-dispatcherd.service          disabled
sshd.service                    enabled
sshd@.service                   static
sshdgenkeys.service             static
svnserve.service                disabled
sysstat.service                 disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static
systemd-ask-password-wall.service       static
systemd-backlight@.service          static
systemd-binfmt.service              static
systemd-fsck-root.service           static
systemd-fsck@.service               static
systemd-halt.service                static
systemd-hibernate.service           static
systemd-hostnamed.service           static
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service            static
systemd-initctl.service             static
systemd-journal-flush.service           static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service        static
systemd-journald.service            static
systemd-kexec.service               static
systemd-localed.service             static
systemd-logind.service              static
systemd-machined.service            static
systemd-modules-load.service            static
systemd-nspawn@.service             static
systemd-poweroff.service            static
systemd-quotacheck.service          static
systemd-random-seed.service         static
systemd-readahead-collect.service       disabled
systemd-readahead-done.service          static
systemd-readahead-drop.service          disabled
systemd-readahead-replay.service        disabled
systemd-reboot.service              static
systemd-remount-fs.service          static
systemd-shutdownd.service           static
systemd-suspend.service             static
systemd-sysctl.service              static
systemd-timedated.service           static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service          static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service      static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service          static
systemd-udev-settle.service         static
systemd-udev-trigger.service            static
systemd-udevd.service               static
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static
systemd-update-utmp.service         static
systemd-user-sessions.service           static
systemd-vconsole-setup.service          static
talk.service                    static
telnet@.service                 static
udisks2.service                 static
upower.service                  disabled
usbmuxd.service                 static
user@.service                   static
uuidd.service                   static
virtlockd.service               static
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service         disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service           disabled
wpa_supplicant.service              disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service             disabled
-.slice                     static
machine.slice                   static
system.slice                    static
user.slice                  static
avahi-daemon.socket             disabled
dbus.socket                 static
dmeventd.socket                 static
git-daemon.socket               disabled
krb5-kpropd.socket              disabled
lvmetad.socket                  static
pcscd.socket                    disabled
rlogin.socket                   disabled
rsh.socket                  disabled
rsyncd.socket                   disabled
sshd.socket                 enabled
syslog.socket                   static
systemd-initctl.socket              static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket         disabled
systemd-journald.socket             static
systemd-shutdownd.socket            static
systemd-udevd-control.socket            static
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket         static
talk.socket                 disabled
telnet.socket                   disabled
uuidd.socket                    disabled
virtlockd.socket                disabled
basic.target                    static
bluetooth.target                static
cryptsetup.target               static
ctrl-alt-del.target             disabled
default.target                  disabled
emergency.target                static
final.target                    static
getty.target                    static
graphical.target                disabled
halt.target                 disabled
hibernate.target                static
hybrid-sleep.target             static
initrd-fs.target                static
initrd-root-fs.target               static
initrd-switch-root.target           static
initrd.target                   static
kexec.target                    disabled
local-fs-pre.target             static
local-fs.target                 static
multi-user.target               disabled
network-online.target               static
network.target                  static
nss-lookup.target               static
nss-user-lookup.target              static
paths.target                    static
poweroff.target                 disabled
printer.target                  static
reboot.target                   disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                static
remote-fs.target                enabled
rescue.target                   disabled
rpcbind.target                  static
shutdown.target                 static
sigpwr.target                   static
sleep.target                    static
slices.target                   static
smartcard.target                static
sockets.target                  static
sound.target                    static
suspend.target                  static
swap.target                 static
sysinit.target                  static
system-update.target                static
time-sync.target                static
timers.target                   static
umount.target                   static
pkgstats.timer                  static
systemd-readahead-done.timer            static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer            static

253 unit files listed.
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl is-enabled ntpd.service' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] output: enabled
[INFO    ] Loading fresh modules for state activity
```

and then later:

```
[INFO    ] Running state [libvirtd] at time 23:22:16.985176
[INFO    ] Executing state service.running for libvirtd
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl --full list-unit-files | col -b' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] stdout: UNIT FILE                    STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount       static
dev-hugepages.mount             static
dev-mqueue.mount                static
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount           static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount           static
sys-kernel-config.mount             static
sys-kernel-debug.mount              static
tmp.mount                   static
systemd-ask-password-console.path       static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path          static
machine-qemu\x2dopensuse13.scope        static
session-2.scope                 static
accounts-daemon.service             disabled
aiccu.service                   enabled
alsa-restore.service                static
alsa-state.service              static
alsa-store.service              static
auditd.service                  disabled
autovt@.service                 disabled
avahi-daemon.service                disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service              disabled
bluetooth.service               enabled
canberra-system-bootup.service          disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service        disabled
clamd.service                   disabled
colord.service                  static
console-getty.service               disabled
console-shell.service               disabled
cronie.service                  disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service              enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service     static
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static
dbus.service                    static
debug-shell.service             disabled
deluge-web.service              disabled
deluged.service                 disabled
display-manager.service             enabled
dmeventd.service                static
dnsmasq.service                 disabled
docker.service                  enabled
ebtables.service                disabled
emergency.service               static
fancontrol.service              disabled
fluidsynth.service              disabled
freshclamd.service              enabled
ftpd.service                    disabled
gdm.service                 enabled
getty@.service                  enabled
git-daemon@.service             static
gpm.service                 disabled
haveged.service                 enabled
hddtemp.service                 disabled
healthd.service                 disabled
httpd.service                   disabled
ifplugd@.service                disabled
initrd-cleanup.service              static
initrd-parse-etc.service            static
initrd-switch-root.service          static
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service       static
ip6tables.service               disabled
iptables.service                disabled
irexec.service                  disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service           static
krb5-kadmind.service                disabled
krb5-kdc.service                disabled
krb5-kpropd.service             disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                static
libvirt-guests.service              disabled
libvirtd.service                enabled
lirc.service                    disabled
lircm.service                   disabled
lm_sensors.service              disabled
lvm-monitoring.service              disabled
lvmetad.service                 static
lxc@.service                    disabled
mdadm.service                   disabled
mdmon@.service                  static
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service  static
ModemManager.service                enabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service       enabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service      enabled
NetworkManager.service              enabled
nscd.service                    disabled
ntpd.service                    enabled
ntpdate.service                 disabled
openvpn@.service                disabled
pcscd.service                   static
pkgstats.service                static
polkit.service                  static
postgresql.service              disabled
ppp@.service                    disabled
puppet.service                  disabled
puppetdb.service                disabled
puppetmaster.service                disabled
quotaon.service                 static
radvd.service                   disabled
redis.service                   disabled
rescue.service                  static
rlogin@.service                 static
rsh@.service                    static
rsyncd.service                  disabled
rsyncd@.service                 static
rtkit-daemon.service                disabled
salt-api.service                disabled
salt-master.service             disabled
salt-minion.service             enabled
salt-syndic.service             disabled
sensord.service                 disabled
serial-getty@.service               static
smartd.service                  disabled
speech-dispatcherd.service          disabled
sshd.service                    enabled
sshd@.service                   static
sshdgenkeys.service             static
svnserve.service                disabled
sysstat.service                 disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static
systemd-ask-password-wall.service       static
systemd-backlight@.service          static
systemd-binfmt.service              static
systemd-fsck-root.service           static
systemd-fsck@.service               static
systemd-halt.service                static
systemd-hibernate.service           static
systemd-hostnamed.service           static
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service            static
systemd-initctl.service             static
systemd-journal-flush.service           static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service        static
systemd-journald.service            static
systemd-kexec.service               static
systemd-localed.service             static
systemd-logind.service              static
systemd-machined.service            static
systemd-modules-load.service            static
systemd-nspawn@.service             static
systemd-poweroff.service            static
systemd-quotacheck.service          static
systemd-random-seed.service         static
systemd-readahead-collect.service       disabled
systemd-readahead-done.service          static
systemd-readahead-drop.service          disabled
systemd-readahead-replay.service        disabled
systemd-reboot.service              static
systemd-remount-fs.service          static
systemd-shutdownd.service           static
systemd-suspend.service             static
systemd-sysctl.service              static
systemd-timedated.service           static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service          static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service      static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service          static
systemd-udev-settle.service         static
systemd-udev-trigger.service            static
systemd-udevd.service               static
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static
systemd-update-utmp.service         static
systemd-user-sessions.service           static
systemd-vconsole-setup.service          static
talk.service                    static
telnet@.service                 static
udisks2.service                 static
upower.service                  disabled
usbmuxd.service                 static
user@.service                   static
uuidd.service                   static
virtlockd.service               static
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service         disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service           disabled
wpa_supplicant.service              disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service             disabled
-.slice                     static
machine.slice                   static
system.slice                    static
user.slice                  static
avahi-daemon.socket             disabled
dbus.socket                 static
dmeventd.socket                 static
git-daemon.socket               disabled
krb5-kpropd.socket              disabled
lvmetad.socket                  static
pcscd.socket                    disabled
rlogin.socket                   disabled
rsh.socket                  disabled
rsyncd.socket                   disabled
sshd.socket                 enabled
syslog.socket                   static
systemd-initctl.socket              static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket         disabled
systemd-journald.socket             static
systemd-shutdownd.socket            static
systemd-udevd-control.socket            static
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket         static
talk.socket                 disabled
telnet.socket                   disabled
uuidd.socket                    disabled
virtlockd.socket                disabled
basic.target                    static
bluetooth.target                static
cryptsetup.target               static
ctrl-alt-del.target             disabled
default.target                  disabled
emergency.target                static
final.target                    static
getty.target                    static
graphical.target                disabled
halt.target                 disabled
hibernate.target                static
hybrid-sleep.target             static
initrd-fs.target                static
initrd-root-fs.target               static
initrd-switch-root.target           static
initrd.target                   static
kexec.target                    disabled
local-fs-pre.target             static
local-fs.target                 static
multi-user.target               disabled
network-online.target               static
network.target                  static
nss-lookup.target               static
nss-user-lookup.target              static
paths.target                    static
poweroff.target                 disabled
printer.target                  static
reboot.target                   disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                static
remote-fs.target                enabled
rescue.target                   disabled
rpcbind.target                  static
shutdown.target                 static
sigpwr.target                   static
sleep.target                    static
slices.target                   static
smartcard.target                static
sockets.target                  static
sound.target                    static
suspend.target                  static
swap.target                 static
sysinit.target                  static
system-update.target                static
time-sync.target                static
timers.target                   static
umount.target                   static
pkgstats.timer                  static
systemd-readahead-done.timer            static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer            static

253 unit files listed.
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl --full list-unit-files | col -b' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] stdout: UNIT FILE                    STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount       static
dev-hugepages.mount             static
dev-mqueue.mount                static
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount           static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount           static
sys-kernel-config.mount             static
sys-kernel-debug.mount              static
tmp.mount                   static
systemd-ask-password-console.path       static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path          static
machine-qemu\x2dopensuse13.scope        static
session-2.scope                 static
accounts-daemon.service             disabled
aiccu.service                   enabled
alsa-restore.service                static
alsa-state.service              static
alsa-store.service              static
auditd.service                  disabled
autovt@.service                 disabled
avahi-daemon.service                disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service              disabled
bluetooth.service               enabled
canberra-system-bootup.service          disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service        disabled
clamd.service                   disabled
colord.service                  static
console-getty.service               disabled
console-shell.service               disabled
cronie.service                  disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service              enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service     static
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static
dbus.service                    static
debug-shell.service             disabled
deluge-web.service              disabled
deluged.service                 disabled
display-manager.service             enabled
dmeventd.service                static
dnsmasq.service                 disabled
docker.service                  enabled
ebtables.service                disabled
emergency.service               static
fancontrol.service              disabled
fluidsynth.service              disabled
freshclamd.service              enabled
ftpd.service                    disabled
gdm.service                 enabled
getty@.service                  enabled
git-daemon@.service             static
gpm.service                 disabled
haveged.service                 enabled
hddtemp.service                 disabled
healthd.service                 disabled
httpd.service                   disabled
ifplugd@.service                disabled
initrd-cleanup.service              static
initrd-parse-etc.service            static
initrd-switch-root.service          static
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service       static
ip6tables.service               disabled
iptables.service                disabled
irexec.service                  disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service           static
krb5-kadmind.service                disabled
krb5-kdc.service                disabled
krb5-kpropd.service             disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                static
libvirt-guests.service              disabled
libvirtd.service                enabled
lirc.service                    disabled
lircm.service                   disabled
lm_sensors.service              disabled
lvm-monitoring.service              disabled
lvmetad.service                 static
lxc@.service                    disabled
mdadm.service                   disabled
mdmon@.service                  static
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service  static
ModemManager.service                enabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service       enabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service      enabled
NetworkManager.service              enabled
nscd.service                    disabled
ntpd.service                    enabled
ntpdate.service                 disabled
openvpn@.service                disabled
pcscd.service                   static
pkgstats.service                static
polkit.service                  static
postgresql.service              disabled
ppp@.service                    disabled
puppet.service                  disabled
puppetdb.service                disabled
puppetmaster.service                disabled
quotaon.service                 static
radvd.service                   disabled
redis.service                   disabled
rescue.service                  static
rlogin@.service                 static
rsh@.service                    static
rsyncd.service                  disabled
rsyncd@.service                 static
rtkit-daemon.service                disabled
salt-api.service                disabled
salt-master.service             disabled
salt-minion.service             enabled
salt-syndic.service             disabled
sensord.service                 disabled
serial-getty@.service               static
smartd.service                  disabled
speech-dispatcherd.service          disabled
sshd.service                    enabled
sshd@.service                   static
sshdgenkeys.service             static
svnserve.service                disabled
sysstat.service                 disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static
systemd-ask-password-wall.service       static
systemd-backlight@.service          static
systemd-binfmt.service              static
systemd-fsck-root.service           static
systemd-fsck@.service               static
systemd-halt.service                static
systemd-hibernate.service           static
systemd-hostnamed.service           static
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service            static
systemd-initctl.service             static
systemd-journal-flush.service           static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service        static
systemd-journald.service            static
systemd-kexec.service               static
systemd-localed.service             static
systemd-logind.service              static
systemd-machined.service            static
systemd-modules-load.service            static
systemd-nspawn@.service             static
systemd-poweroff.service            static
systemd-quotacheck.service          static
systemd-random-seed.service         static
systemd-readahead-collect.service       disabled
systemd-readahead-done.service          static
systemd-readahead-drop.service          disabled
systemd-readahead-replay.service        disabled
systemd-reboot.service              static
systemd-remount-fs.service          static
systemd-shutdownd.service           static
systemd-suspend.service             static
systemd-sysctl.service              static
systemd-timedated.service           static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service          static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service      static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service          static
systemd-udev-settle.service         static
systemd-udev-trigger.service            static
systemd-udevd.service               static
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static
systemd-update-utmp.service         static
systemd-user-sessions.service           static
systemd-vconsole-setup.service          static
talk.service                    static
telnet@.service                 static
udisks2.service                 static
upower.service                  disabled
usbmuxd.service                 static
user@.service                   static
uuidd.service                   static
virtlockd.service               static
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service         disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service           disabled
wpa_supplicant.service              disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service             disabled
-.slice                     static
machine.slice                   static
system.slice                    static
user.slice                  static
avahi-daemon.socket             disabled
dbus.socket                 static
dmeventd.socket                 static
git-daemon.socket               disabled
krb5-kpropd.socket              disabled
lvmetad.socket                  static
pcscd.socket                    disabled
rlogin.socket                   disabled
rsh.socket                  disabled
rsyncd.socket                   disabled
sshd.socket                 enabled
syslog.socket                   static
systemd-initctl.socket              static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket         disabled
systemd-journald.socket             static
systemd-shutdownd.socket            static
systemd-udevd-control.socket            static
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket         static
talk.socket                 disabled
telnet.socket                   disabled
uuidd.socket                    disabled
virtlockd.socket                disabled
basic.target                    static
bluetooth.target                static
cryptsetup.target               static
ctrl-alt-del.target             disabled
default.target                  disabled
emergency.target                static
final.target                    static
getty.target                    static
graphical.target                disabled
halt.target                 disabled
hibernate.target                static
hybrid-sleep.target             static
initrd-fs.target                static
initrd-root-fs.target               static
initrd-switch-root.target           static
initrd.target                   static
kexec.target                    disabled
local-fs-pre.target             static
local-fs.target                 static
multi-user.target               disabled
network-online.target               static
network.target                  static
nss-lookup.target               static
nss-user-lookup.target              static
paths.target                    static
poweroff.target                 disabled
printer.target                  static
reboot.target                   disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                static
remote-fs.target                enabled
rescue.target                   disabled
rpcbind.target                  static
shutdown.target                 static
sigpwr.target                   static
sleep.target                    static
slices.target                   static
smartcard.target                static
sockets.target                  static
sound.target                    static
suspend.target                  static
swap.target                 static
sysinit.target                  static
system-update.target                static
time-sync.target                static
timers.target                   static
umount.target                   static
pkgstats.timer                  static
systemd-readahead-done.timer            static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer            static

253 unit files listed.
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl status libvirtd.service' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] output: libvirtd.service - Virtualization daemon
   Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/libvirtd.service; enabled)
   Active: active (running) since Mon 2014-02-24 23:02:20 CET; 19min ago
     Docs: man:libvirtd(8)
           http://libvirt.org
 Main PID: 23923 (libvirtd)
   CGroup: /system.slice/libvirtd.service
           |-10268 /sbin/dnsmasq --conf-file=/var/lib/libvirt/dnsmasq/default.conf
           `-23923 /usr/bin/libvirtd -p /var/run/libvirtd.pid

Feb 24 23:02:20 salt.example.com systemd[1]: Started Virtualization daemon.
Feb 24 23:02:21 salt.example.com dnsmasq[10268]: read /etc/hosts - 4 addresses
Feb 24 23:02:21 salt.example.com dnsmasq[10268]: read /var/lib/libvirt/dnsmasq/default.addnhosts - 0 addresses
Feb 24 23:02:21 salt.example.com dnsmasq-dhcp[10268]: read /var/lib/libvirt/dnsmasq/default.hostsfile
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl is-active libvirtd.service' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] output: active
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl --full list-unit-files | col -b' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] stdout: UNIT FILE                    STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount       static
dev-hugepages.mount             static
dev-mqueue.mount                static
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount           static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount           static
sys-kernel-config.mount             static
sys-kernel-debug.mount              static
tmp.mount                   static
systemd-ask-password-console.path       static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path          static
machine-qemu\x2dopensuse13.scope        static
session-2.scope                 static
accounts-daemon.service             disabled
aiccu.service                   enabled
alsa-restore.service                static
alsa-state.service              static
alsa-store.service              static
auditd.service                  disabled
autovt@.service                 disabled
avahi-daemon.service                disabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service              disabled
bluetooth.service               enabled
canberra-system-bootup.service          disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service        disabled
clamd.service                   disabled
colord.service                  static
console-getty.service               disabled
console-shell.service               disabled
cronie.service                  disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service              enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service     static
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static
dbus.service                    static
debug-shell.service             disabled
deluge-web.service              disabled
deluged.service                 disabled
display-manager.service             enabled
dmeventd.service                static
dnsmasq.service                 disabled
docker.service                  enabled
ebtables.service                disabled
emergency.service               static
fancontrol.service              disabled
fluidsynth.service              disabled
freshclamd.service              enabled
ftpd.service                    disabled
gdm.service                 enabled
getty@.service                  enabled
git-daemon@.service             static
gpm.service                 disabled
haveged.service                 enabled
hddtemp.service                 disabled
healthd.service                 disabled
httpd.service                   disabled
ifplugd@.service                disabled
initrd-cleanup.service              static
initrd-parse-etc.service            static
initrd-switch-root.service          static
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service       static
ip6tables.service               disabled
iptables.service                disabled
irexec.service                  disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service           static
krb5-kadmind.service                disabled
krb5-kdc.service                disabled
krb5-kpropd.service             disabled
krb5-kpropd@.service                static
libvirt-guests.service              disabled
libvirtd.service                enabled
lirc.service                    disabled
lircm.service                   disabled
lm_sensors.service              disabled
lvm-monitoring.service              disabled
lvmetad.service                 static
lxc@.service                    disabled
mdadm.service                   disabled
mdmon@.service                  static
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service  static
ModemManager.service                enabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service       enabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service      enabled
NetworkManager.service              enabled
nscd.service                    disabled
ntpd.service                    enabled
ntpdate.service                 disabled
openvpn@.service                disabled
pcscd.service                   static
pkgstats.service                static
polkit.service                  static
postgresql.service              disabled
ppp@.service                    disabled
puppet.service                  disabled
puppetdb.service                disabled
puppetmaster.service                disabled
quotaon.service                 static
radvd.service                   disabled
redis.service                   disabled
rescue.service                  static
rlogin@.service                 static
rsh@.service                    static
rsyncd.service                  disabled
rsyncd@.service                 static
rtkit-daemon.service                disabled
salt-api.service                disabled
salt-master.service             disabled
salt-minion.service             enabled
salt-syndic.service             disabled
sensord.service                 disabled
serial-getty@.service               static
smartd.service                  disabled
speech-dispatcherd.service          disabled
sshd.service                    enabled
sshd@.service                   static
sshdgenkeys.service             static
svnserve.service                disabled
sysstat.service                 disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static
systemd-ask-password-wall.service       static
systemd-backlight@.service          static
systemd-binfmt.service              static
systemd-fsck-root.service           static
systemd-fsck@.service               static
systemd-halt.service                static
systemd-hibernate.service           static
systemd-hostnamed.service           static
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service            static
systemd-initctl.service             static
systemd-journal-flush.service           static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service        static
systemd-journald.service            static
systemd-kexec.service               static
systemd-localed.service             static
systemd-logind.service              static
systemd-machined.service            static
systemd-modules-load.service            static
systemd-nspawn@.service             static
systemd-poweroff.service            static
systemd-quotacheck.service          static
systemd-random-seed.service         static
systemd-readahead-collect.service       disabled
systemd-readahead-done.service          static
systemd-readahead-drop.service          disabled
systemd-readahead-replay.service        disabled
systemd-reboot.service              static
systemd-remount-fs.service          static
systemd-shutdownd.service           static
systemd-suspend.service             static
systemd-sysctl.service              static
systemd-timedated.service           static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service          static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service      static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service          static
systemd-udev-settle.service         static
systemd-udev-trigger.service            static
systemd-udevd.service               static
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static
systemd-update-utmp.service         static
systemd-user-sessions.service           static
systemd-vconsole-setup.service          static
talk.service                    static
telnet@.service                 static
udisks2.service                 static
upower.service                  disabled
usbmuxd.service                 static
user@.service                   static
uuidd.service                   static
virtlockd.service               static
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service         disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service           disabled
wpa_supplicant.service              disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service             disabled
-.slice                     static
machine.slice                   static
system.slice                    static
user.slice                  static
avahi-daemon.socket             disabled
dbus.socket                 static
dmeventd.socket                 static
git-daemon.socket               disabled
krb5-kpropd.socket              disabled
lvmetad.socket                  static
pcscd.socket                    disabled
rlogin.socket                   disabled
rsh.socket                  disabled
rsyncd.socket                   disabled
sshd.socket                 enabled
syslog.socket                   static
systemd-initctl.socket              static
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket         disabled
systemd-journald.socket             static
systemd-shutdownd.socket            static
systemd-udevd-control.socket            static
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket         static
talk.socket                 disabled
telnet.socket                   disabled
uuidd.socket                    disabled
virtlockd.socket                disabled
basic.target                    static
bluetooth.target                static
cryptsetup.target               static
ctrl-alt-del.target             disabled
default.target                  disabled
emergency.target                static
final.target                    static
getty.target                    static
graphical.target                disabled
halt.target                 disabled
hibernate.target                static
hybrid-sleep.target             static
initrd-fs.target                static
initrd-root-fs.target               static
initrd-switch-root.target           static
initrd.target                   static
kexec.target                    disabled
local-fs-pre.target             static
local-fs.target                 static
multi-user.target               disabled
network-online.target               static
network.target                  static
nss-lookup.target               static
nss-user-lookup.target              static
paths.target                    static
poweroff.target                 disabled
printer.target                  static
reboot.target                   disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                static
remote-fs.target                enabled
rescue.target                   disabled
rpcbind.target                  static
shutdown.target                 static
sigpwr.target                   static
sleep.target                    static
slices.target                   static
smartcard.target                static
sockets.target                  static
sound.target                    static
suspend.target                  static
swap.target                 static
sysinit.target                  static
system-update.target                static
time-sync.target                static
timers.target                   static
umount.target                   static
pkgstats.timer                  static
systemd-readahead-done.timer            static
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer            static

253 unit files listed.
[INFO    ] Executing command 'systemctl is-enabled libvirtd.service' in directory '/root'
[INFO    ] output: enabled
[INFO    ] Service libvirtd is already enabled, and is in the desired state
[INFO    ] Completed state [libvirtd] at time 23:22:17.458983
```
